README.md, before:

## My Leetcode Solutions

| # | Title | Solution | Difficulty |
|---| ----- | -------- | ---------- |
|1|[Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/2Sum/2Sum.swift)|Easy|
|2|[Add Two Numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/addTwoNumbers/addTwoNumbers.swift)|Medium|
|14|[Longest Common Prefix](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-prefix/) | [Java](./algorithms/java/longestCommonPrefix/longestCommonPrefix.swift)|Easy|
|15|[3Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/3Sum/3Sum.swift), [Python](./algorithms/python/3Sum/3Sum.py), [Python](./algorithms/python/3Sum/3SumII.py)|Medium|
|19|[Remove Nth Node From End of List](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list/) | [Java](./algorithms/java/removeNthNodeFromEndOfList/removeNthNodeFromEndOfList.java)|Medium|
|20|[Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/validParentheses/validParentheses.swift)|Easy|
|21|[Merge Two Sorted Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/) | [Swift](./algorithms/java/mergeTwoSortedList/mergeTwoSortedList.java)|Easy|
|24|[Swap Nodes in Pairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/swap-nodes-in-pairs/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/swapNodesInPairs/swapNodesInPairs.swift)|Medium|
|25|[Reverse Nodes in k-Group](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-nodes-in-k-group/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/reverseNodesInKGroup/reverseNodesInKGroup.swift)|Hard|
|27|[Remove Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-element/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/removeElement/removeElement.swift)|Easy|
|28|[Implement strStr()](https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-strstr/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/implementStrStr/implementStrStr().swift)|Easy|
|50|[Pow(x,n)](https://leetcode.com/problems/powx-n/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/pow/pow.swift), [Python](./algorithms/python/pow/pow.py)|Medium|
|54|[Spiral Matrix](https://leetcode.com/problems/spiral-matrix/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/spiralMatrix/spiralMatrix.swift)|Medium|
|59|[Spiral Matrix II](https://leetcode.com/problems/spiral-matrix-ii/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/spiralMatrixII/spiralMatrixII.swift)|Medium|
|61|[Rotate List](https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-list/) | [Java](./algorithms/java/rotateList/rotateList.java)|Medium|
|66|[Plus One](https://leetcode.com/problems/plus-one) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/plusOne/plusOne.swift)|Easy|
|67|[Add Binary](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-binary/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/addBinary/addBinary.swift)|Easy|
|98|[Validate Binary Search Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/validate-binary-search-tree/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/validateBinarySearchTree/validateBinarySearchTree.swift), [Python](./algorithms/python/validateBinarySearchTree/validateBinarySearchTree.py) |Medium|
|118|[Pascal's Triangle](https://leetcode.com/problems/pascals-triangle/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/pascalsTriangle/pascalsTriangle.swift)|Easy|
|119|[Pascal's Triangle II](https://leetcode.com/problems/pascals-triangle-ii/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/pascalsTriangleII/pascalsTriangleII.swift)|Easy|
|138|[Copy List with Random Pointer](https://leetcode.com/problems/copy-list-with-random-pointer/) | [Java](./algorithms/java/copyListWithRandomPointer/copyListWithRandomPointer.java)|Medium|
|141|[Linked List Cycle](https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle/) | [Java](./algorithms/java/linkedListCycle/linkedListCycle.java), [Swift](./algorithms/swift/linkedListCycle/linkedListCycle.swift)|Easy|
|142|[Linked List Cycle II](https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle-ii/) | [Java](./algorithms/java/linkedListCycleII/linkedListCycleII.java), [Swift](./algorithms/swift/linkedListCycleII/linkedListCycleII.swift)|Medium|
|160|[Intersection of Two Linked Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/intersection-of-two-linked-lists/) | [Java](./algorithms/java/intersectionOfTwoLinkedList/intersectionOfTwoLinkedList.java)|Easy|
|167|[Two Sum II - input array is sorted](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/2SumII/2SumII.swift)|Easy|
|169|[Majority Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/majority-element/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/majorityElement/majorityElement.swift)|Easy|
|203|[Remove Linked List Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-linked-list-elements/) | [Java](./algorithms/java/removeLinkedListElements/removeLinkedListElements.java)|Easy|
|206|[Reverse Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list/) | [Java](./algorithms/java/reverseLinkedList/reverseLinkedList.java), [Swift](./algorithms/swift/reverseLinkedList/reverseLinkedList1.swift)|Easy|
|225|[Implement Stack using Queue](https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-stack-using-queues/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/implementStackUsingQueue/implementStackUsingQueue.swift), [Swift](./algorithms/swift/reverseLinkedList/reverseLinkedList1.swift)|Easy|
|232|[Implement Queue using Stacks](https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-queue-using-stacks) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/implementQueueUsingStack/implementQueueUsingStack.swift)|Easy|
|234|[Palindrome Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-linked-list/) | [Java](./algorithms/java/palindromeLinkedList/palindromeLinkedList.java)|Easy|
|235|[Lowest Common Ancestor of a Binary Search Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-search-tree/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/lowestCommonAncestorOfABinarySearchTree/lowestCommonAncestorOfABinarySearchTree.swift), [Java](./algorithms/java/lowestCommonAncestorOfABinarySearchTree/lowestCommonAncestorOfABinarySearchTree.java)|Easy|
|236|[Lowest Common Ancestor of a Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-tree/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/lowestCommonAncestorOfABinaryTree/lowestCommonAncestorOfABinaryTree.swift), [Java](./algorithms/java/lowestCommonAncestorOfABinaryTree/lowestCommonAncestorOfABinaryTree.java)|Medium|
|239|[Sliding Window Maximum](https://leetcode.com/problems/sliding-window-maximum/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/slidingWindowMaximum/slidingWindowMaximum.swift), [Swift](./algorithms/swift/slidingWindowMaximum/slidingWindowMaximumII.swift),[Swift](./algorithms/swift/slidingWindowMaximum/slidingWindowMaximumIII.swift)|Hard|
|242|[Valid Anagram](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-anagram/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/validAnagram/validAnagram.swift), [Swift](./algorithms/swift/validAnagram/validAnagramII.swift),|Easy|
|283|[Move Zeroes](https://leetcode.com/problems/move-zeroes/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/moveZeroes/moveZeroes.swift)|Easy|
|328|[Odd Even Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/odd-even-linked-list/) | [Java](./algorithms/java/oddEvenLinkedList/oddEvenLinkedList.java)|Medium|
|344|[Reverse String](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-string/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/reverseString/reverseString.swift)|Easy|
|430|[Flatten a Multilevel Doubly Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/flatten-a-multilevel-doubly-linked-list/) | [Java](./algorithms/java/flattenAMultilevelDoublyLinkedList/flattenAMultilevelDoublyLinkedList.java)|Medium|
|498|[Diagonal Traverse](https://leetcode.com/problems/diagonal-traverse/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/diagonalTraverse/diagonalTraverse.swift)|Medium|
|561|[Array Partition I](https://leetcode.com/problems/array-partition-i/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/arrayPartitionI/arrayPartitionI.swift)|Easy|
|703|[Kth Largest Element in a Stream](https://leetcode.com/problems/kth-largest-element-in-a-stream/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/kthLargestElementInAStream/kthLargestElementInAStream.swift)|Easy|
|707|[Design Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/design-linked-list/) | [Java](./algorithms/java/designLinkedList/designLinkedList.java)|Easy|
|708|[Insert into a Cyclic Sorted List](https://leetcode.com/problems/insert-into-a-cyclic-sorted-list/) | [Java](./algorithms/java/insertIntoACyclicSortedList/insertIntoACyclicSortedList.java)|Medium|
|724|[Find Pivot Index](https://leetcode.com/articles/find-pivot-index/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/findPivotIndex/findPivotIndex.swift)|Easy|
|747|[Largest Number At Least Twice of Others](https://leetcode.com/problems/largest-number-at-least-twice-of-others/description/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/largestNumberAtLeastTwiceOfOthers/largestNumberAtLeastTwiceOfOthers.swift)|Easy|


## Algorithms
![Algorithms](Algorithms-MindNode.png)


## Other Swift Algorithms Repo
* [swift-algorithm-club](https://github.com/raywenderlich/swift-algorithm-club): Algorithms and data structures in Swift, with explanations!
* [SwiftGraph](https://github.com/davecom/SwiftGraph)
* [Swift Algorithms Classroom](https://github.com/gmertk/SwiftAlgorithmsClassroom)
* [Swift Sorts](https://github.com/jessesquires/swift-sorts)
* [Swift Data Structures and Algorithms](https://github.com/stupidfive/SwiftDataStructuresAndAlgorithms)
* [BTree](https://github.com/lorentey/BTree): Fast ordered collections for Swift using in-memory B-trees
* [JXSort](https://github.com/JiongXing/JXSort)
* [stanfordacm](https://github.com/jaehyunp/stanfordacm): Stanford ACM-ICPC related materials
* [Google Interview University](https://github.com/jwasham/google-interview-university)
* [Top 20 dynamic programming interview questions](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/top-20-dynamic-programming-interview-questions/)

## Leetcode
* [Leetcode](https://github.com/Cee/Leetcode)
* [LeetCode-Swift](https://github.com/soapyigu/LeetCode-Swift): Solutions to LeetCode by Swift
* [左耳朵耗子的leetcode](https://github.com/haoel/leetcode)
* [leetcode](https://github.com/soulmachine/leetcode): LeetCode题解，151道题完整版
* [Grandyang](https://www.cnblogs.com/grandyang/p/4606334.html): leetcode题目解析
* [LeetCode-Solutions](https://github.com/xta0/LeetCode-Solutions): Solutions for LeetCode Problems

## Blogs
* [Know Thy Complexities!](http://bigocheatsheet.com/)

* [Computing optimal road trips on a limited budget](http://www.randalolson.com/2016/06/05/computing-optimal-road-trips-on-a-limited-budget)

* [Get that job at Google](http://steve-yegge.blogspot.com/2008/03/get-that-job-at-google.html)

* [Get that job at Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/notes/facebook-engineering/get-that-job-at-facebook/10150964382448920)

* [big o cheat sheet](http://bigocheatsheet.com/)

* [facebook interviews](https://medium.freecodecamp.org/software-engineering-interviews-744380f4f2af)

* [50+ Data Structure and Algorithms Interview Question for Programmers](https://hackernoon.com/50-data-structure-and-algorithms-interview-questions-for-programmers-b4b1ac61f5b0)

* [BTree](https://github.com/attaswift/BTree): Fast sorted collections for Swift using in-memory B-trees

## Courses

* [Skiena's Algorithms Lectures](http://www3.cs.stonybrook.edu/~algorith/video-lectures/)

* [数据结构与算法之美](https://github.com/wangzheng0822/algo):Data Structure & Algorithm

* [MIT Introduction to algorithms](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-006-introduction-to-algorithms-fall-2011/lecture-videos/)

* [MIT Design and Analysis of Algorithms](http://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-046j-design-and-analysis-of-algorithms-spring-2015/lecture-videos/)

* [Stanford Algorithms](https://lagunita.stanford.edu/courses/course-v1:Engineering+Algorithms1+SelfPaced/info)

* [Planet](https://github.com/xiexiexx/Planet): 算法时空课程代码

Commit message:

[Leetcode] 122. Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock II
add swift implementation

README.md, after:

## My Leetcode Solutions

| # | Title | Solution | Difficulty |
|---| ----- | -------- | ---------- |
|1|[Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/2Sum/2Sum.swift)|Easy|
|2|[Add Two Numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/addTwoNumbers/addTwoNumbers.swift)|Medium|
|14|[Longest Common Prefix](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-prefix/) | [Java](./algorithms/java/longestCommonPrefix/longestCommonPrefix.swift)|Easy|
|15|[3Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/3Sum/3Sum.swift), [Python](./algorithms/python/3Sum/3Sum.py), [Python](./algorithms/python/3Sum/3SumII.py)|Medium|
|19|[Remove Nth Node From End of List](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list/) | [Java](./algorithms/java/removeNthNodeFromEndOfList/removeNthNodeFromEndOfList.java)|Medium|
|20|[Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/validParentheses/validParentheses.swift)|Easy|
|21|[Merge Two Sorted Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/) | [Swift](./algorithms/java/mergeTwoSortedList/mergeTwoSortedList.java)|Easy|
|24|[Swap Nodes in Pairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/swap-nodes-in-pairs/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/swapNodesInPairs/swapNodesInPairs.swift)|Medium|
|25|[Reverse Nodes in k-Group](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-nodes-in-k-group/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/reverseNodesInKGroup/reverseNodesInKGroup.swift)|Hard|
|27|[Remove Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-element/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/removeElement/removeElement.swift)|Easy|
|28|[Implement strStr()](https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-strstr/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/implementStrStr/implementStrStr().swift)|Easy|
|50|[Pow(x,n)](https://leetcode.com/problems/powx-n/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/pow/pow.swift), [Python](./algorithms/python/pow/pow.py)|Medium|
|54|[Spiral Matrix](https://leetcode.com/problems/spiral-matrix/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/spiralMatrix/spiralMatrix.swift)|Medium|
|59|[Spiral Matrix II](https://leetcode.com/problems/spiral-matrix-ii/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/spiralMatrixII/spiralMatrixII.swift)|Medium|
|61|[Rotate List](https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-list/) | [Java](./algorithms/java/rotateList/rotateList.java)|Medium|
|66|[Plus One](https://leetcode.com/problems/plus-one) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/plusOne/plusOne.swift)|Easy|
|67|[Add Binary](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-binary/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/addBinary/addBinary.swift)|Easy|
|98|[Validate Binary Search Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/validate-binary-search-tree/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/validateBinarySearchTree/validateBinarySearchTree.swift), [Python](./algorithms/python/validateBinarySearchTree/validateBinarySearchTree.py) |Medium|
|118|[Pascal's Triangle](https://leetcode.com/problems/pascals-triangle/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/pascalsTriangle/pascalsTriangle.swift)|Easy|
|119|[Pascal's Triangle II](https://leetcode.com/problems/pascals-triangle-ii/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/pascalsTriangleII/pascalsTriangleII.swift)|Easy|
|122|[Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock II](https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/bestTimeToBuyAndSellStockII/bestTimeToBuyAndSellStockII.swift)|Easy|
|138|[Copy List with Random Pointer](https://leetcode.com/problems/copy-list-with-random-pointer/) | [Java](./algorithms/java/copyListWithRandomPointer/copyListWithRandomPointer.java)|Medium|
|141|[Linked List Cycle](https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle/) | [Java](./algorithms/java/linkedListCycle/linkedListCycle.java), [Swift](./algorithms/swift/linkedListCycle/linkedListCycle.swift)|Easy|
|142|[Linked List Cycle II](https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle-ii/) | [Java](./algorithms/java/linkedListCycleII/linkedListCycleII.java), [Swift](./algorithms/swift/linkedListCycleII/linkedListCycleII.swift)|Medium|
|160|[Intersection of Two Linked Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/intersection-of-two-linked-lists/) | [Java](./algorithms/java/intersectionOfTwoLinkedList/intersectionOfTwoLinkedList.java)|Easy|
|167|[Two Sum II - input array is sorted](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/2SumII/2SumII.swift)|Easy|
|169|[Majority Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/majority-element/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/majorityElement/majorityElement.swift)|Easy|
|203|[Remove Linked List Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-linked-list-elements/) | [Java](./algorithms/java/removeLinkedListElements/removeLinkedListElements.java)|Easy|
|206|[Reverse Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list/) | [Java](./algorithms/java/reverseLinkedList/reverseLinkedList.java), [Swift](./algorithms/swift/reverseLinkedList/reverseLinkedList1.swift)|Easy|
|225|[Implement Stack using Queue](https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-stack-using-queues/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/implementStackUsingQueue/implementStackUsingQueue.swift), [Swift](./algorithms/swift/reverseLinkedList/reverseLinkedList1.swift)|Easy|
|232|[Implement Queue using Stacks](https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-queue-using-stacks) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/implementQueueUsingStack/implementQueueUsingStack.swift)|Easy|
|234|[Palindrome Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-linked-list/) | [Java](./algorithms/java/palindromeLinkedList/palindromeLinkedList.java)|Easy|
|235|[Lowest Common Ancestor of a Binary Search Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-search-tree/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/lowestCommonAncestorOfABinarySearchTree/lowestCommonAncestorOfABinarySearchTree.swift), [Java](./algorithms/java/lowestCommonAncestorOfABinarySearchTree/lowestCommonAncestorOfABinarySearchTree.java)|Easy|
|236|[Lowest Common Ancestor of a Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-tree/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/lowestCommonAncestorOfABinaryTree/lowestCommonAncestorOfABinaryTree.swift), [Java](./algorithms/java/lowestCommonAncestorOfABinaryTree/lowestCommonAncestorOfABinaryTree.java)|Medium|
|239|[Sliding Window Maximum](https://leetcode.com/problems/sliding-window-maximum/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/slidingWindowMaximum/slidingWindowMaximum.swift), [Swift](./algorithms/swift/slidingWindowMaximum/slidingWindowMaximumII.swift),[Swift](./algorithms/swift/slidingWindowMaximum/slidingWindowMaximumIII.swift)|Hard|
|242|[Valid Anagram](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-anagram/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/validAnagram/validAnagram.swift), [Swift](./algorithms/swift/validAnagram/validAnagramII.swift),|Easy|
|283|[Move Zeroes](https://leetcode.com/problems/move-zeroes/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/moveZeroes/moveZeroes.swift)|Easy|
|328|[Odd Even Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/odd-even-linked-list/) | [Java](./algorithms/java/oddEvenLinkedList/oddEvenLinkedList.java)|Medium|
|344|[Reverse String](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-string/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/reverseString/reverseString.swift)|Easy|
|430|[Flatten a Multilevel Doubly Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/flatten-a-multilevel-doubly-linked-list/) | [Java](./algorithms/java/flattenAMultilevelDoublyLinkedList/flattenAMultilevelDoublyLinkedList.java)|Medium|
|498|[Diagonal Traverse](https://leetcode.com/problems/diagonal-traverse/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/diagonalTraverse/diagonalTraverse.swift)|Medium|
|561|[Array Partition I](https://leetcode.com/problems/array-partition-i/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/arrayPartitionI/arrayPartitionI.swift)|Easy|
|703|[Kth Largest Element in a Stream](https://leetcode.com/problems/kth-largest-element-in-a-stream/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/kthLargestElementInAStream/kthLargestElementInAStream.swift)|Easy|
|707|[Design Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/design-linked-list/) | [Java](./algorithms/java/designLinkedList/designLinkedList.java)|Easy|
|708|[Insert into a Cyclic Sorted List](https://leetcode.com/problems/insert-into-a-cyclic-sorted-list/) | [Java](./algorithms/java/insertIntoACyclicSortedList/insertIntoACyclicSortedList.java)|Medium|
|724|[Find Pivot Index](https://leetcode.com/articles/find-pivot-index/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/findPivotIndex/findPivotIndex.swift)|Easy|
|747|[Largest Number At Least Twice of Others](https://leetcode.com/problems/largest-number-at-least-twice-of-others/description/) | [Swift](./algorithms/swift/largestNumberAtLeastTwiceOfOthers/largestNumberAtLeastTwiceOfOthers.swift)|Easy|


## Algorithms
![Algorithms](Algorithms-MindNode.png)


## Other Swift Algorithms Repo
* [swift-algorithm-club](https://github.com/raywenderlich/swift-algorithm-club): Algorithms and data structures in Swift, with explanations!
* [SwiftGraph](https://github.com/davecom/SwiftGraph)
* [Swift Algorithms Classroom](https://github.com/gmertk/SwiftAlgorithmsClassroom)
* [Swift Sorts](https://github.com/jessesquires/swift-sorts)
* [Swift Data Structures and Algorithms](https://github.com/stupidfive/SwiftDataStructuresAndAlgorithms)
* [BTree](https://github.com/lorentey/BTree): Fast ordered collections for Swift using in-memory B-trees
* [JXSort](https://github.com/JiongXing/JXSort)
* [stanfordacm](https://github.com/jaehyunp/stanfordacm): Stanford ACM-ICPC related materials
* [Google Interview University](https://github.com/jwasham/google-interview-university)
* [Top 20 dynamic programming interview questions](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/top-20-dynamic-programming-interview-questions/)

## Leetcode
* [Leetcode](https://github.com/Cee/Leetcode)
* [LeetCode-Swift](https://github.com/soapyigu/LeetCode-Swift): Solutions to LeetCode by Swift
* [左耳朵耗子的leetcode](https://github.com/haoel/leetcode)
* [leetcode](https://github.com/soulmachine/leetcode): LeetCode题解，151道题完整版
* [Grandyang](https://www.cnblogs.com/grandyang/p/4606334.html): leetcode题目解析
* [LeetCode-Solutions](https://github.com/xta0/LeetCode-Solutions): Solutions for LeetCode Problems

## Blogs
* [Know Thy Complexities!](http://bigocheatsheet.com/)

* [Computing optimal road trips on a limited budget](http://www.randalolson.com/2016/06/05/computing-optimal-road-trips-on-a-limited-budget)

* [Get that job at Google](http://steve-yegge.blogspot.com/2008/03/get-that-job-at-google.html)

* [Get that job at Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/notes/facebook-engineering/get-that-job-at-facebook/10150964382448920)

* [big o cheat sheet](http://bigocheatsheet.com/)

* [facebook interviews](https://medium.freecodecamp.org/software-engineering-interviews-744380f4f2af)

* [50+ Data Structure and Algorithms Interview Question for Programmers](https://hackernoon.com/50-data-structure-and-algorithms-interview-questions-for-programmers-b4b1ac61f5b0)

* [BTree](https://github.com/attaswift/BTree): Fast sorted collections for Swift using in-memory B-trees

## Courses

* [Skiena's Algorithms Lectures](http://www3.cs.stonybrook.edu/~algorith/video-lectures/)

* [数据结构与算法之美](https://github.com/wangzheng0822/algo):Data Structure & Algorithm

* [MIT Introduction to algorithms](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-006-introduction-to-algorithms-fall-2011/lecture-videos/)

* [MIT Design and Analysis of Algorithms](http://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-046j-design-and-analysis-of-algorithms-spring-2015/lecture-videos/)

* [Stanford Algorithms](https://lagunita.stanford.edu/courses/course-v1:Engineering+Algorithms1+SelfPaced/info)

* [Planet](https://github.com/xiexiexx/Planet): 算法时空课程代码
